# What is a Microservice?
Mircoservice is an architecture which has different services for different jobs & processes. It consist of various technologies which are independent of each other. Nowadays microservice architecuture is followed by big companies. It is used because all of the services are independent which makes the development, testing & deployment fast, without interrupting the other services. Let's see an example -

Consider a web application which has frontend, backend, database & authentication
`For Frontend - React`
`For Backend - Golang`
`For Database - MongoDB`
`For Authentication - Auth0`

# What is Monolith Architecture?
Monolith Architecture is a type of architecture which has same tech stack or same services for jobs & processes. It consist of same technologies for all the services. This type of architecture increases the size of the project and also makes development, testing & deployment difficult. For example - If we have changed something in UI then the whole project has to be deployed again with all updated UI, backend, database, authentication.

Let's see an example - 
`For Frontend - Java`
`For Backend - Java`
`For Database - MySQL`
`For Authentication - Auth0`

# What is the difference between Monolith & Microservice?
Monolith - It is basicaly an architecture which consist of same type of tech stack for different jobs. It increases the size of the project. Nowadays it is not preferred as compared to Microservices. It is difficult to manage as it requires whole software's deployment even there's a minute change.

Microservice - It is an architecture which has different type of tech stack for different jobs. It is independent as companies can easily shift to new technologies without changing the full software which will consume more resources. It is beneficial for them as it will save resources. And also it allows faster testing & deployment.

# Why do we need a useEffect hook?
If we want to perform some special effects such as fetching the data, directly updating the DOM, etc, after rendering a component then useEffect is used. 

For example - In our food ordering app we are also using useEffect to render the Shimmer UI first then make an api call & then render the data on the screen which makes it a better User Experience.

# What is Optional Chaining?
It is a safe way to access nested object properties. The optional chaining operator takes the reference to the left which is `?` & checks if it undefined or null. It returns undefined instead of throwing an error.

# What is Shimmer UI?
In simple terms Shimmer UI can be defined as a modern day loader which makes user feel that something is loading up which simply resembles actual cards but without texts. So Shimmer UI is an awesome way of using loaders instead of loading circles, loading bars.

# What is difference between JS expression & JS statement?
JS Expression - It is a combination of values, variables & operators which returns a value. For E.g - 5*2 = 10

JS Statement - Statement is instructions which are executed by browsers and they do not return a value. For E.g - let x,y,z; x=5;y=6;z = x+y;

# What is conditional rendering, explain with a code example?
It is a type of rendering which gets executed when a particular condition is met. It is used in both React & JavaScript.
It can be achieved with the help of if statement, logical AND operator & ternary operator.

Example for if statement

if(isValue > 18)
return `<ValidAge/>`

Example for Logical AND
isAdminLoggedOut && `<button>Login<button/>`

Example for ternary operator
return arr.length === 0 ?`<Shimmer/>`:`<Body>`

# What is CORS?
Cross-Origin Resource Sharing is a mechanism that supports secure requests and data transfers from outside origins (domain, scheme or port).
It is a protocol that defines the limitations of cross-origin requests.

# What is async and await?
`async` - async is a function which allows us to write promises-based code as if it was synchronous and it checks that we are not breaking the execution thread. Async always returns a value and it makes sure that a promise is returned and if it does not then JavaScript automatically wraps it in a promise which is resolved with its value.

`await` - await is also a function which is used to wait for the promise. It could be used within the async block only. It makes the code wait until the promise returns a value.

e.g - 
```async=()=>{
    const data = await fetch("URL")
    const toJson = await data.json();
}
```
# What is the use of `const json = await data.json(); in getRestaurants` ?
`const json` is simply an object that is returned by `await fetch("URL")` and `data.json()` is a method lets us retrieve JSON object from `fetch()`
response.

