# What is Emmet?
Emmet is basically a tookit for developers which helps us to write our code fast. It provides auto suggestions for HTML tags, CSS properties, etc.

# Difference between a Library & Framework?
A library is a collection of code already written which is used by programmers to ease the development. Library is smaller in size as compared to framework. Eg - React, JQuery.

A framework is a base which allows developers build applications. They are usually larger in size. E.g - Angular, Vue

# What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Content Delivery Network is considered as a network that boosts the loading speed of webpages. It improves the response time between client & user.

# Why is React known as React?
React is a javascript library developed by Jordan Walke, which helps developers to build UI by breaking up the different UI elements into components. It is called react because of its behaviour with changes of data.

# What is cross-origin in the script tag?
Cross-origin is an attribute that is used to handle the CORS [Cross-Origin Resource Sharing] request. It allows sharing of resources from one domain to another domain. Crossorigin attribute has two values:- Anonymous & use-credentials.

# What is difference between React & ReactDOM?
React is javascript library which lets developers build UI by breaking them into smaller components. ReactDOM is basically a package that provides an efficient way of managing DOM [Document Object Model] in React.

# What is difference between react.development.js & react.production.js files via CDN?
In react.development.js all the files are present which are needed for development environment or in local. In react.production.js all the unused css, codes are removed and minified & this is called a production ready cdn links.

# What are async and defer?
aysnc attribute is used to load the script asynchronously. In async the script is downloaded in parallel and gets executed as soon as it is available.

defer attribute also loads the script asynchronously but gets executed only when the HTML parsing is completed.



