# When and why do we need lazy()?
lazy() lets us delay loading component until it is rendered for the first time. It is basically a method to optimize the performance of React applications.

# What is suspense?
Suspense is a feature or component used to suspend the rendering process to perform some asynchronous tasks like getting data from an API or loading components lazy.

# Why we got this error: A component suspended while responding to synchronous input. This will cause the UI to be replaced with a loading indicator. To fix, updates that suspend should be wrapped with startTransition? How does suspense fix this error?
The error message which we received is telling that a component that was responding to synchronous input encountered a suspension. This should not happen because suspense is primarily designed to handle asynchronous operations and we generally don't want to introduce delays in the rendering of synchronous user interactions.

# Advantages & disadvantages of using this code splitting pattern?
Advantages of code splitting are 
`Faster Load Time` - Smaller intial bundles result in faster load times for our web app.
`Improved Performance` - As smaller bundles can be parsed & executed more quickly, it less time to render the initial page & improve the overall responsiveness of the application.

Disadvantages of code splitting are
`Increase in complexity`
`More network requests`

# When do we and why do we need suspense?
We need suspense to lazy load, render fallback UI, improve performance.