# What is NPM?
NPM is basically a package manager. It manages packages & it does not stand for node package manager.

# What is Parcel/Webpack?
Parcel/Webpack are the bundlers which help us to bundle our code, minify, compress, optimize & build a production ready app.
We need it because they have some functions which makers our react app faster and they are as follows:
- Local Server 
- Caching
- Image Optimization
- Minification
- Hot Module Reloading
- Error Handling
- File Watching Algorithm

# What is '.parcel-cache'?
'.parcel-cache' is folder inside our project which is created by parcel which helps itself for Caching, Hot Module Replacement & File Watching algorithm. 
Through '.parcel-cache' HMR & File Watching is done in our react app.

# What is npx?
npx is just like npm but it is used for executing a package

# What is difference between 'dependencies' & 'devDependencies'?
"dependencies" consist of the packages which will be used for the process of production whereas the "devDependencies" consist of the packages which
will be used only for the development purpose.

# What is Tree Shaking?
It is a process done by parcel in which it continuously watches imports and exports of every module and removes every unused module or imports.

# What is Hot Module Replacement?
HMR [Hot Module Replacement] is a feature provided bundlers which improves the development experience by just updating the particular 
module during the runtime without actually refreshing the actual page.

# List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words?
1. Diagnostics - Parcel, which is a beast has a superpower, which is called Diagnostics which is the best thing we have seen in a bundler.
We all are used to see the red coloured screen which shows errors in our react app but this "diagnostics" superpower of parcel just makes sure that we'd love the coloured errors. It makes easy to solve the errors by simply mentioning the file location and errors.

2. Minification - Parcel automatically minifies JavaScript, HTML, CSS, etc. It removes all the unused spaces and makes our app lightweight 
and fast.

3. Dev Server - Parcel gives a local dev server which can also be run on https if needed for certain cases. And this dev server is really good as it shows instant changes as soon as the code is saved.

# What is '.gitignore'? What should we add and not add into it?
.gitignore is a text file in git which can contain the files which we don't want to push to our repository. To add a file which we don't want to commit or push is added just by typing the filename. E.g - Suppose we want to add our build as we can generate it again on our server. So we can add build to our .gitignore by "/build" and our build is added in .gitignore.

We should add /node_modules, /dist, .parcel-cache, etc. And we should not add package.json and package-lock.json in .gitignore as they are the files which will help our react app get all the dependencies for our production.

# What is the difference between 'package.json' & 'package-lock.json'?
package.json - It is a configuration of npm packages. It keeps a track of what version of packages are installed in our system. And every 
will have its own package.json. E.g - If we look into node_modules folder and we goto parcel folder then we'll get a package.json inside it too.

package-lock.json - It keeps a track of exact version of packages which we have installed in our system. It ensures that the same dependencies are 
installed in development and production.

# Why should I not modify 'package-lock.json'?
We should not modify package-lock.json because it keeps the track of exact version of dependencies and if any modification is done then it will 
cause difference between development and production. And if the differences are created then it will led to errors on our production.

# What is 'node_modules'? Is it a good idea to push that on git ?
Node_modules are the collection of all the dependencies that we will need for our project. It can also be considered as a database of 
depedencies.

It is definitely not a good idea to push it on git as it is very heavy in size and can be regenerated with the help of 'package.json' 
and 'package-lock.json'. And we will deploy our project on production we will be having all our node_modules on our server.

# What is the 'dist' folder?
The 'dist' folder consist of our development files and also production ready files. When we create our production build using 'npx parcel build index.html' it generates build files inside dist folder and before that it consists of a development build files which we can access on our 'localhost:1234' when we try to run it on our browser using 'npx parcel index.html'.

# What is browserlists?
Browserlists can be considered as a npm package which enables us to target older browsers for our application. It basically helps us 
in browser compatibility 

